README.md, before:

# Android Studio Templates

A small collection of Android Studio templates for Android development.

> To use these templates you will need Android Studio.

> Copy the appropriate folders into `<androidStudio-folder>/plugins/android/lib/templates/` and they will appear in the project explorer context menu.


The `templates` folder contains these templates:

* [SwipeRefreshLayout]: creates a new blank activity with a SwipeRefreshLayout.
* [Custom]: contains some useful common templates (check below for more details)



### SwipeRefreshLayout

Creates a new blank activity with a [SwipeRefreshLayout](http://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/v4/widget/SwipeRefreshLayout.html).

Copy `SwipeRefreshLayout` folder in your Android Studio installation in this folder: `<androidStudio-folder>/plugins/android/lib/templates/activities`

Restart Android Studio, and you will find it in: **New -> Activity -> SwipeRefreshLayout**

![Screen](https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/AndroidStudioTemplate/raw/master/SwipeRefreshLayout.png)


### Custom

Copy the `custom` folder in your Android Studio installation in this folder: `<androidStudio-folder>/plugins/android/lib/templates/`

Restart Android Studio, and you will find it in: **New -> Adapter**


It contains these templates:

 - **Array Adapter**: Creates a new Custom Array Adapter with a ViewHolder pattern.

 - **Array Adapter + Activity**: Creates a new Custom Array Adapter with a ViewHolder pattern, and an Activity with a List.

 
Credits
-------

Author: Gabriele Mariotti (gabri.mariotti@gmail.com)

<a href="https://plus.google.com/u/0/114432517923423045208">
  <img alt="Follow me on Google+"
       src="https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib/raw/master/demo/images/g+64.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/GabMarioPower">
  <img alt="Follow me on Twitter"
       src="https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib/raw/master/demo/images/twitter64.png" />
</a>
<a href="http://it.linkedin.com/in/gabrielemariotti">
  <img alt="Follow me on LinkedIn"
       src="https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib/raw/master/demo/images/linkedin.png" />
</a>

License
-------

    Copyright 2014 Gabriele Mariotti

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


---

[SwipeRefreshLayout]:https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/AndroidStudioTemplate#swiperefreshlayout
[Custom]:https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/AndroidStudioTemplate#custom

Commit message:

Added a FloatingLabel template
Added a FloatingLabel template based on [Chris Banes
code](https://gist.github.com/chrisbanes/11247418)

README.md, after:

# Android Studio Templates

A small collection of Android Studio templates for Android development.

> To use these templates you will need Android Studio.

> Copy the appropriate folders into `<androidStudio-folder>/plugins/android/lib/templates/` and they will appear in the project explorer context menu.


The `templates` folder contains these templates:

* [SwipeRefreshLayout]: creates a new blank activity with a SwipeRefreshLayout.
* [Custom]: contains some useful common templates (check below for more details)



### SwipeRefreshLayout

Creates a new blank activity with a [SwipeRefreshLayout](http://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/v4/widget/SwipeRefreshLayout.html).

Copy `SwipeRefreshLayout` folder in your Android Studio installation in this folder: `<androidStudio-folder>/plugins/android/lib/templates/activities`

Restart Android Studio, and you will find it in: **New -> Activity -> SwipeRefreshLayout**

![Screen](https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/AndroidStudioTemplate/raw/master/SwipeRefreshLayout.png)


### Custom

Copy the `custom` folder in your Android Studio installation in this folder: `<androidStudio-folder>/plugins/android/lib/templates/`

Restart Android Studio, and you will find it in: **New -> xxxx**


It contains these templates:

 - **Array Adapter**: Creates a new Custom Array Adapter with a ViewHolder pattern.

 - **Array Adapter + Activity**: Creates a new Custom Array Adapter with a ViewHolder pattern, and an Activity with a List.
 
 - **FloatingLabelLayout**: Creates a Floating Label Layout based on [FloatingLabelLayout] code by [Chris Banes]. You can read more info in this [post](https://plus.google.com/+ChrisBanes/posts/5Ejaq51UWGo). ( in: **New -> Custom View**)

 
## ChangeLog

* [Changelog:](https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/AndroidStudioTemplate/tree/master/CHANGELOG.md) A complete changelog


Acknowledgements
--------------------

* Thanks to [Chris Banes] for [FloatingLabelLayout] class.


Credits
-------

Author: Gabriele Mariotti (gabri.mariotti@gmail.com)

<a href="https://plus.google.com/u/0/114432517923423045208">
  <img alt="Follow me on Google+"
       src="https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib/raw/master/demo/images/g+64.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/GabMarioPower">
  <img alt="Follow me on Twitter"
       src="https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib/raw/master/demo/images/twitter64.png" />
</a>
<a href="http://it.linkedin.com/in/gabrielemariotti">
  <img alt="Follow me on LinkedIn"
       src="https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib/raw/master/demo/images/linkedin.png" />
</a>

License
-------

    Copyright 2014 Gabriele Mariotti

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


---

[SwipeRefreshLayout]:https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/AndroidStudioTemplate#swiperefreshlayout
[Custom]:https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/AndroidStudioTemplate#custom
[Chris Banes]:https://plus.google.com/+ChrisBanes
[FloatingLabelLayout]:https://gist.github.com/chrisbanes/11247418
